[Music]
Hello, how are you my dear hearts and
lovers of this humble channel where you
find out all the gossip about your
favorite TV characters, not
your TV characters, well, the
heart press. You have already
understood me, to everyone who is
interested in this content, I am going to ask you
please to click the
subscribe button, okay, there are many people who do not
know how to subscribe, it is very easy, you just have to
go to where it says the name
of the channel, gossip, next to it you have a
button that says subscribe and you subscribe,
no, I mean, you click there, completely
free of course, okay, once
you click it, you become part of
this great family that we are forming and
that every day we have a better time together
in the live shows, you have to see how much
we enjoyed ourselves last night, you have to see how much fun we had
and you have to see how we
laughed And how I love you, uh family, and
how I want to, well in this video I am going to
talk about a click that
our beloved collaborator from the
Mimi Channel has published, which is brutal, I would like to
find more clicks of  newspaper archive I'm
keeping this but I think we'll find
more when we get more clicks when we
get many more clicks I'm preparing one
of these powerful videos for the
main channel that you like so much okay But anyway
for now let's comment on this
clip And I want to comment with
you a couple of things about Paloma
García Pelayo because she is a person who
causes me mixed feelings because I
consider her a good professional and
many times she brings
super contrasted information she is a person who is straight
forward, who is straightforward and who is not a
cheat or at least that is what she
has shown but then in another she has
sold her opinion a little bit she has
sold her opinion a little bit and she lowers herself
too much to the TV factory so that they
call her more I imagine I don't know if it's that they
gave her a touch on some
occasion or what But anyway right now what you
are seeing here on screen on the
Twitter account of this guy that we
were talking about yesterday Mateo Navarro
Mateo Navarro has put his account on
lock
this morning he had the account closed
for many hours and now to put the
account on lock or in other words the guy  he starts
slandering the guy has been dedicating
his account to Rocío Flores and Gloria
Camila for a year but in a completely
repulsive way but in a
completely repulsive way, I mean calling her
everyone's name making very
unpleasant memes and being disrespectful in
every possible way no And how many
times has he made it funny that so much
David has to go to jail by posting
photographs of the cells no this It
should be his Setup anyway and now take it
because Antonio David's editor answers you
or because the blue tide is more or less
sharing the nonsense you post
on Twitter they close the account and put it
on lock like that these are always these
cowardly allies they are not people who do not go
straight and who do not assume the consequences
of their actions No if you are sure and you
have a clear argument okay you
have no problem you have to
close the account you move forward
like those from Alicante no but well one
more coward from the television factory
like for example the master Joao no who
goes around challenging everyone to debates and
gets involved in everything  the world as if he
were very haughty and very intelligent and in
fact for me what he is is a
scoundrel no but when he challenges them to a
debate a person who could
face him Like for example
Paloma García Pelayo blocks me Fidel is the
shadow of Rocío Carrasco he manages his life
his money and his decisions he makes and then we
beat our chests and they
come giving us lessons video of
modanismo today well I didn't know this
account I don't know if she's a fan of Rocío Jurado
or what But of course I'll be
taking a look at it Mimi mohedanismo it's
a bit of a tongue twister the thing about mohedanismo
mohedano mohedanismo
if you find more click in fact I'll
gather the threads and also put it together with the
little things that I have with my newspaper library and
we'll mark a piece of video from the
main Channel where we can
check something that
several colleagues have told me okay And it is that
apparently Paloma García Pelayo for
years
for quite a few years was
defending Antonio David's version
and in fact she asked her for a lot of
information Antonio David to
hire her and to  do her job
Antonio David would give her some little
things that she could use not to
put on a medal to collaborate not
for her work but there was a time when
Rocio Carrasco was the one who gave her
information Antonio David stopped giving her
the crumbs and the Carrascos were the ones who
called her this happened to her similar if I'm not
mistaken to Isabel Rabago who suddenly
one day went to Rocio Carrasco's house
Rocio Carrasco told her everything she
wanted to tell her and well the rest you already
know no the shadow of Rocio Carrasco
manages her life her money and her
decisions let's
see we hear it again the shadow of
Rocio Carrasco manages her life her money
and her decisions brutal brutal eh the shadow of Rocio Carrasco
the person who
manages her money her life and her
decisions a clip from 2006 Look
at Palomar Garcia Pelayo
sometimes I like okay And this is somewhat
contradictory to my thinking and
my opinions but well let's see
not everyone has to
agree with me or think the same as I
think  I'm fine in the end they are gossip
because they are controversies on television and it does not
mean that I do not like her
on some occasions Like for example in
this one you are going to recognize it on this
occasion she completely left
sálvame in his underwear in the middle of a live broadcast, that is, Jorge
yesterday sucking up to Pepe Navarro
Okay when Pepe Navarro has a
conviction for having assaulted Vanesa
Martín a conviction that is devastating a
conviction that is a disgrace that should
be a stain on your record and in
life so that they do not call you again
anywhere just like I told you before not
for example a private teacher No
what surprises me is that now app
Navarro a red carpet is rolled out for him, it is not
interesting the story not of Vanesa
Martín that then in the end thanks to the fact that
Paloma García Pelayo here showed her a pair
of balls no that by the way cost her
a fight with Jorge Javier because of course
Jorge Javier was like you have
ambushed us but as if you said
this but this could not be said you know
how of course I mean you are condemning an
innocent man but nevertheless a
man who has a sentence you are
rolling out the red carpet for him and you are
doing little more than sucking up to him in fact
I believe and in fact I am telling you
that Pepe Navarro was in Well in
fact they offered him a documentary about the
TV factory to suck up to him
let's call it that way the
TV factory with Rocío Carrasco makes a
documentary to condemn Antonio David
but with Pepe Navarro it was going to be a
documentary to defend him and to
portray the others as bad mothers and bad
wives as bad everything no but well here
palomar always Pelayo Maybe he
had the balls but maybe what also
happened is that he got such a dressing down
that he hasn't stepped out of his own
shoes since, not like for example in these
statements the other day which for me
were regrettable Listen This is not
the first time that I have heard people
tell me or have told me about
episodes of that type against Rocío
yes yes it is not the first time that someone has
told you about episodes of that type but you
until a couple of years ago defended
Antonio David beautiful
I want to remember Antonio who was the
first thing he said about
Antonio's slap about Antonio David to Rocío when they
lived in Argentina if I'm not mistaken That
's the one called chori no who came out talking no it
wasn't chori and the nickname he gave himself let's
go the credibility was the same as a
thousand and Pineda who also said it
in the first part of the documentary
I want you to realize that these people who have
lost no longer who are
condemned for violating the honor of
Antonio David the TV factory
They continue with the same thing eh they continue calling him an
abuser when they are talking about him they
put here a sign telephone against
gender violence 0.16 imagine what
the sentence will be like that
these people will get from Antonio David's lawsuit
you know what the problem is that it
will take five or six seven years
but it is necessary to make an impact Because
these are big words
absolutely everything has been called into question at the end
of a quarter of the year in which
attacks on women have risen
up to 12%.  that there are 11% more
victims, I
don't deny the information that you're
giving Paloma García Pelayo that there are
many cases, well too many, that for
me many cases, if there were one or
two it would seem to me that there are many cases,
no, but of course it has to be
doubted wholeheartedly, you don't know how many
women there are who have sex and make it
up to get a man convicted or
to ruin a man's life and
that's not being sexist or anything. It's
that, it's logical, there are bad people, you
can't trust the first person who
comes and tells you, oh, he's been mistreated, let's see the
evidence, believe me, dude, I'm a woman,
absolutely not. No, of course, question it,
at least question it. Even if you believe,
eh, even if you believe in her, but you
have to question it, this is unstoppable,
this happened many years ago
when nobody saw it, but the media is
also there to denounce, I think it's
our responsibility,
the media is there to denounce and I
think this is our responsibility, I
couldn't disagree more with Paloma
García Pelayo, the media is there to
denounce, yes  The cases that are real,
the cases that are proven, okay,
but a person who has already been played
because even though there hasn't been a trial,
Antonio had been investigating, no, the
judges haven't seen the case based on everything
that Rocío Carrasco contributed, not all that
pile of papers that Carlota
Corredera had on her nightstand, no. So no,
the media is not there to condemn or
denounce anyone who is innocent,
family, I will be reading you, I send you a
huge hug and until the next video
[Music]